---
title: Project Engineer
description: Wipro Ltd.
date: "2021-08-08T19:47:09+02:00"
jobDate: Sep 2020 - Aug 2021
work: [Web Applications, Microservices, Data Analytics]
techs: [Angular, Node, Mongo, Express, Elasticsearch, Kibana, Logstash, Java, Spring Boot]
draft: false
#designs: [Photoshop]
thumbnail: wipro_internship/wipro.png
#projectUrl: https://www.vincere-solutions.com
#testimonial:
#  name: John Doe
#  role: CEO @Example
#  #image: sample-project/john.jpg
#  text: Prow scuttle parrel provost Sail ho shrouds spirits boom mizzenmast yardarm. Pinnace holystone mizzenmast quarter crow's nest nipperkin
---

I was given invited by Wipro Ltd. to continue working with them as a Project Engineer full-time role upon the completion of my internship. A summary of the work I was involved in can be found below:

- Led the refactoring of codebase for the user authentication module using jsonwebtoken and Angular auth guards for a MEAN (Mongo, Express, Angular, Node) stack infrastructure provisioning web application soon to be open-sourced. Fixed outstanding bugs such as making links and buttons responsive.
- Leveraged Elasticsearch, Kibana, Packetbeat and Metricbeat to develop dashboards for monitoring system machine metrics and network traffic.
- Utilized Logstash, Filebeat and Elastic APM to ingest logs generated by Spring Boot microservices and built dashboards on Kibana and Grafana for visualization and analysis of different log events, errors, exceptions, routing of requests to different API endpoints, etc.
- Conducted review studies on technologies like Terraform and Ansible in order to understand the feasibility of adoption of these technologies for different open source projects in the department.
- Completed certification courses on Javascript, Angular, Node, Express, Mongo DB, Spring Boot, Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana.
- Developed a MEAN-stack web application for reservation management as part of web developer certification assignment, the components of which are being used in internal projects.